(laughing)
Yes, we do. Lots of them.
But first, let's start
our Royal Rose Crisps lesson.
We're here to teach you.
Guide you.
And help you grow.
♪ Grow with me ♪
♪ Let's unlock the corners
of our world ♪
♪ Everything we learn
we'll keep ♪
♪ Find our way together ♪
♪ Get ready now
to take the leap ♪
♪ And grow with me ♪
♪ Every this way or that way
Why and how ♪
♪ Figure them out,
here and now ♪
♪ Plant an idea,
that's your start ♪
♪ Follow my lead,
you'll soon see ♪
♪ Baking comes from the head
and the heart ♪
♪ Grow with me ♪
♪ Let's unlock the corners
of our world ♪
♪ Everything we learn
we'll keep ♪
♪ Find our way together ♪
♪ Get ready now
to take the leap ♪
♪ And grow with me ♪
♪ Spills or splats? ♪
♪ Ha! Don't worry 'bout that ♪
♪ Get up, not down ♪
♪ We'll turn it around ♪
♪ Grow with me ♪
♪ Let's unlock the corners
of our world ♪
♪ Everything we learn
we'll keep ♪
♪ Find our way together ♪
♪ Get ready now
to take the leap ♪
♪ And grow ♪
♪ Grow ♪
♪ With me ♪
♪ Grow with me ♪